{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 	Hello, my name is Ameya. I am a freshmen at the University of Rochester. My intended major is computer science. My email is amandhar@u.rochester.edu. My personal email is ameyamandhare17@gmail.com. My phone number is 571-577-3902.\
\
	This program can evaluate infix expressions. This is accomplished by the program converting infix expressions to post fix expressions. This is done using the Shunting yard technique. Then the program evaluates the postfix expressions. Infix expressions are converted to postfix expressions by pushing operators into a stack and adding the operands to the output. The postfix class computes the value b y adding numbers to the stack, removing the stack, and performing the operation. I ran into some difficult errors involving the terminal. It gave me problems where it said I could not access the text file. I was able to figure out the solution by searching commands I could use to properly access my file. \
\
Files Included: InfixToPostFix, URCalculator,, Postfix, , URStack , URList, URQueue, URNode, Infix text file, and the output text files. \
\
}